---
source: https://www.mi.com/global/support/faq/details/KA-11641/
brand: xiaomi
category: howto
model: REDMI A1 FAQ
crawled: 2026-07-14T14:36:50Z
---

Choose your location and language
Global / English
1.Q:What are the features of REDMI A1?A: 1.Adapt 5000mAh large battery2.The large and crystal clear 6.52" HD+ display will instantly give you a more stunning visual experience when watching movies and gaming.3. 3-choose-2 card slots 4. Support Sunlight display and Reading Mode. 1.Q:What screen does REDMI A1 use?A:REDMI A1 uses a 6.52-inch screen.Most of the apps on the market today can automatically recognize the size and resolution of the phone screen, so that they can be displayed in full screen on the screen. A few software or playing videos may not be able to be full-screen, and software that cannot be full-screen can force full-screen when setting full-screen, without black borders.If the app is abnormally displayed and the screen ratio is unbalanced, it is recommended to submit feedback in the **Home screen >>Tools>>Services and feedback, module selection More>>Third-party applications>>Select the corresponding application name , and describe the application name and problem in detail**, and describe the application name problem in detail, we will contact the application developer as soon as possible for adaptive updates.2.Q: What is the display refresh rate of the REDMI A1?A:The display refresh rate is 60Hz.3.Q: What is the touch sampling rate of the REDMI A1?A:The touch sampling rate is 120Hz.4.Q: What is the Peak brightness of the REDMI A1?5.Q:What is the screen display type of the REDMI A1?6.Q: How many screen colour of the REDMI A1?A: The screen colour of the REDMI A1 is about 16.7M.7.Q:How about the Display color gamut of the REDMI A1?8.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Screen colour temperature adjustment?9.Q:What is the screen contrast ratio of the REDMI A1?10.Q:What is the Screen fit type of the REDMI A1?11.Q:Does REDMI A1 support touch screen technology?A:Yes. REDMI A1 adopts capacitive touch screen technology.12.Q:What is the screen protection glass type of the REDMI A1?13.Q:What is the screen oleophobic layer of the REDMI A1?14.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Double tap the screen to wake up?15.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Raise to wake?16.Q:Does REDMI A1 support AOD (Always-on display), Super Wallpaper and Sunlight mode?17.Q:What is the Default dimming of the REDMI A1?18.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Anti banding?19.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Sunlight display,Reading Mode and Night mode?A: REDMI A1 supports Sunlight display and Reading Mode, but don’t support Night mode.20.Q:Does REDMI A1 support HDR display?1.Q: Does REDMI A1 support Removable rear shell?A:No. It’s non-detachable.2.Q: What is the material of REDMI A1 ? What kind of full lamination process is used for the screen?Front bezel:PC+20%GF(aluminum sheet for injection molding)lens protection glass:Corning Gorilla glass 3Solid button:PC+ soft plastic TPU(two-color injection molding)full lamination technology:OGS3.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Microphone anti-misplug design?A: Yes. SIM card and MIC are not in the same direction.4.Q:Does REDMI A1 have an LED charging indicator and Touch button light?5.Q: Does REDMI A1 support water resistant?A: REDMI A1 adopts IPX2 water resistant ranking. Damage caused by invading liquids or dust is not covered by the warranty. In addition, the life dust splash function is degraded by daily wear and tear and cannot be permanently effective. Do not charge the phone while it is wet.6.Q:What touch screen technology does REDMI A1 adopt?apacitive touch screen.7.Q: Does the REDMI A1 support EIS(electronic shake protection) and OIS(optical shake protection)?1.Q: REDMI A1 process introductionNumber of CPU cores:4 coresCPU core frequency:Up to 2.0GHzCPU Core Architecture:A53CPU bit width:32bitGPU model:IMG GE8300**Storage & RAM**1.Q: Does REDMI A1 support expanded storage?A:Supports expandable storage up to 1TB.2.Q: How is REDMI A1 RAM/ROM performance?A: RAM: 2G/3G ROM specification:EMMC 5.1.**Network & Connectivity**1.Q: How is REDMI A1 Network format?2.Q: How is REDMI A1 Global version network bands?A:2G: GSM: 850 900 1800 1900 MHz3G: WCDMA: B1/5/84G: LTE FDD: B1/3/5/7/8/20/284G: LTE TDD: B38/40/413.Q: What is distinction between SIM primary and secondary card?A:Make no distinction.4.Q:Does REDMI A1 support High-order modulation?5.Q:Does REDMI A1 support VoLTE HD voice calling function?A: REDMI A1 supports VoLTE (high-definition voice calls). Using this function, the call speed is faster and the call quality is better. It requires the support of the SIM card operator, and the area has VoLTE network signal coverage.6.Q:Does REDMI A1 support VoNR, Broadcast network, Smart Dual SIM Switching, Fixed-point network optimization, Scene adaption?7.Q: Does REDMI A1 A:No. It supports dual 4G.8.Q: Does REDMI A1 support VoWi-Fi?A: REDMI A1 supports VoWi-Fi.9.Q: What kind of SIM card can be used with REDMI A1?A: REDMI A1 adopts 3-choose-2 card slot design. (Dual SIM + microSD)Note 1: It is not recommended to cut the card by yourself, which may cause the card to be damaged, the card cannot be recognized or the SIM card cannot be taken out.10.Q: Where is SIM slot of REDMI A1?A: On the side of REDMI A1.1.Q: How does the REDMI A1 front camera work?A:The front camera of REDMI A1 uses 5M pixels. With 2592*1944 pixel size, its front camera adopts fixed focus, and F.NO 2.2 aperture. And it supports HDR photo and selfie fill light.2.Q: How about the rear camera of REDMI A1?A: The rear camera of REDMI A1 adopts 8MP. It adopts 1/4' sensor, and 4P of rear camera lenses. Its aperture is F.NO 2.0. Rear main camera element size is 3264*2448. 77.3 FOV field of view. 3.Q:What is recommended shooting distance of REDMI A1?A:10 cm to infinity.4.Q:Does the Rear camera of REDMI A1 support continuous shooting, flash?5.Q:What is Zoom Magnification of REDMI A1?A: It’s 4X.6.Q:What is focus mode of Rear camera on REDMI A1?7.Q:Does the Rear camera of REDMI A1 support slow motion video, fast-motion video recording, and anti-shake function? Camera Function Support ListVideo, photo, portrait, HDR, short video, time-lapse photographyVideo, photo, portrait, HDR, beauty, short video, time-lapse photography1.Q: Does REDMI A1 support Wi-Fi Direct\Wi-Fi Display? 2.4G/5GWi-Fi support protocol?A: REDMI A1 supports Wi-Fi direct\Wi-Fi Display. Wi-Fi 2.4G supports 802.11b/g/n. It doesn’t support Wi-Fi 5GHz.2.Q:Does REDMI A1 support MU-MIMO?3.Q: What is Wi-Fi Theoretical Maximum Rate of REDMI A1?4.Q:How many Wi-Fi antennas of REDMI A1?5.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Wireless Screen Casting?6.Q: Does REDMI A1 support Multi-network parallel acceleration?7.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Wi-Fi and hotspot open at the same time?8.Q: Does REDMI A1 support NFC?9.Q: What Bluetooth version does REDMI A1 use? Does REDMI A1 support Bluetooth HD Audio Protocol and Bluetooth Audio Sharing?A: REDMI A1 adopts Bluetooth 5.0. Its bluetooth doesn’t support Bluetooth HD Audio Protocol and Bluetooth Audio Sharing.10.Q: Does REDMI A1 support Bluetooth HID?1.Q: How is the charging performance of REDMI A1?A: Battery specification: lithium-ion polymer 5000mAhMobile phone charging power:10WStandard charger power:10WStandard charger output specification:5V/2ARated voltage: 3.85VIt is non-detachable battery.2.Q: Does REDMI A1 support fast charging?3.Q: Does REDMI A1 support wireless charging?4.Q: Does REDMI A1 support reverse wireless charging?1.Q:Which senses the REDMI A1 supports? A: REDMI A1 supports Physical G-SENSOR+ Virtual PL-SENSOR, Gravity sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer AND Vibration motor. But it doesn’t support IR blaster, Gyroscope, Hall sensor and Air pressure sensors.2.Q: REDMI A1 supports AI face unlock and fingerprint recognition?1.Q: Does REDMI A1 support speaker?A:Yes. REDMI A1 supports 1511 large magnetic speaker.2.Q: Does REDMI A1 support Hi-Fi?3.Q: Does REDMI A1 support Headphone jack?A:Yes. REDMI A1 supports 3.5mm headphone jack.1.Q:What kind of port does REDMI A1 use?A:USB port type: Micro-B, 3.5mm headphone jack.2.Q: Does REDMI A1 support OTG?**Navigation & Positioning**1.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Satellite-based positioning?A: Yes. It supports GPS L1, Glonass G1, BDS B1, Galileo E1.2.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Network Location and A-GPS?3.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Dual frequency positioning?1.Q: Does REDMI A1 have a voice assistant?A: REDMI A1 has Google voice assistant.2.Q: Does REDMI A1 support high volume mode?A: REDMI A1 supports high volume mode. After turning the call volume to the maximum, press the volume + key up to turn on the high volume mode. The capacity of the receiver can be increased again by optimizing the software and underlying hardware. At the same time, REDMI A1 supports external volume amplification, which greatly improves the external playback volume and sound quality of the phone.3.Q: Does REDMI A1 support big MAC fonts?A: REDMI A1 supports big MAC fonts, making it easier and more convenient for the elderly to read large characters.**Settings >> Display >> Font Size >> Adjust to "big MAC"**4.Q: Does REDMI A1 support split screen mode?A: REDMI A1 doesn’t support split screen mode.5.Q: Does REDMI A1 support full screen gestures? 6.Q: Does REDMI A1 support one-handed mode?A: REDMI A1 supports one-handed mode.7.Q: Does REDMI A1 support double tap to turn on the screen?8.Q: How does REDMI A1 perform hardware detection? For REDMI A1, there are two ways of hardware detection:Method 1: Enter "*#*#64663#*#*" in the dial-up interface, or enter "*#*#6484#*#*".Method 2: In **Settings >> About Phone >> All specs**, click "Kernel Version" four times.9.Q: Does REDMI A1 have Bootloader lock installed?A: In order to improve the security of user data, ensure the reliability of the mobile phone search function, and prevent scalpers from flashing third-party ROMs in batches, resulting in system problems such as user information leakage, REDMI A1 adds Bootloader lock.10. Q: Does REDMI A1 support factory reset mode with empty data?A: REDMI A1 supports factory reset mode, which can clear all data. Enter recovery mode: In shutdown state, press and hold the volume + and power keys until the Mi Logo appears on the screen to enter the factory recovery mode11.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Dual apps?12.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Floating windows?13.Q: Does REDMI A1 support FM radio function?14.Q:Does REDMI A1 support Pre-installed Google services?15.Q: Does the REDMI A1 support background App lock?16.Q: Does the REDMI A1 support Video call beauty?17.Q: Does the REDMI A1 support Application call recording?18.Q: Does the REDMI A1 support shareme?19.Q: Does the REDMI A1 support Ultra definition play, Dynamic screen compensation, AV contour enhancement, Dolby Atmos ?20.Q: Does the REDMI A1 support Game high frame rate mode?21.Q:What is Operating System of the REDMI A1?A: Android 12 (Go Edition).22.Q:What is Package contents the REDMI A1?A: REDMI A1 / SIM Eject Tool / Protective Case / Quick Start Guide / Warranty Card / Safety Informatio
Does it help?
