---
source: https://www.mi.com/global/support/faq/details/KA-07039/
brand: xiaomi
category: howto
model: Mi phone overheat
crawled: 2026-07-14T14:35:03Z
---

Choose your location and language
Global / English
# Mi phone overheat
Please check first the phone overheats under what specific circumstances or after what operations (1) When running a large game and watching the video, the CPU/GPU gets hot because of the frequent participation in the calculation.  (2) The entire charging module also generates a large amount of heat during charging, which is normal for all phones.  (3) Normally, the surface temperatures does not exceed 50 degrees.  (4) Xiaomi mobile phone is equipped with graphite heat dissipation, and the use of which can effectively solve the overheating problem caused by high performance processor. It is designed to dissipate heat quickly, not to prevent the phone from getting hot.  The above-mentioned scene related to mobile phone overheating are all normal phenomena. Rest assured that phone is safe. The following are various scenes of overheating.  2. Various scenes:  (1). Overheating when playing a game  When running high-performance games, the mobile phone temperature will increase to a certain extent, and this is a normal phenomenon. The temperature is controlled in a safe range.  High performance processor, with graphite heat dissipation can decrease the temperature of the mobile phone to the maximum extent. They can also reduce the high temperature on the main board CPU, power, Flash and other components. Please feel free to use.  How to lower the temperature:  It is suggested to control the background operation before the start of the game, and avoid too many applications and software updates from running in the background. Adjust the image quality of the game, because it, to a certain extent, reduces the heat.  In addition, charging when playing the game and playing outdoors in direct sunlight will also cause temperature increase. It is recommended to adjust scene when playing a game.  (2). Overheating when charging  With the development of fast charging technology, the rapid supply of electricity for mobile phones will also bring a certain temperature rise. This is a normal phenomenon, and the mobile phone temperature will also be controlled in a safe range.  The use of graphite heat dissipation can average the temperature of the mobile phone to the maximum extent, and decrease the high temperature in certain components. please feel free to use.  How to lower the temperature:  It is recommended to avoid placing the mobile phone on the surface of the sofa, bed and other fabrics during charging, and avoid direct sunlight when charging the mobile phone. This can reduce the heat generated to a certain extent;  It is recommended to use the official charger, data cable accessories to charge, to avoid the risk of abnormal heating caused by non-official equipment.  (3). Overheating when navigating  Due to the complex environment, weak GPS signal and high temperature during outdoor navigation may increase the temperature of mobile phones. Direct sunlight will also increase the temperature to a certain. These are normal phenomenon. The temperature is controlled in a safe range, and be reassured to use it.  The use of graphite heat dissipation can average the temperature of the mobile phone to the maximum extent, and decrease the high temperature in certain components. please feel free to use.  How to lower the temperature:  It is suggested to put mobile phone in the air-conditioning outlet when driving, which can help dissipate the heat.  In addition, avoiding the continuous use of mobile phones in the direct sunlight is also a good way to control the overheating during navigation.  (4). Overheating when taking photo or recording a video  When taking photos or videos, the processor and camera work at high performance, so the mobile phone will experience certain temperature rise. This is a normal phenomenon, and temperature are controlled in a safe range, so feel free to use it.  The use of graphite heat dissipation can average the temperature of the mobile phone to the maximum extent, and decrease the high temperature in certain components. Please feel free to use.  How to lower the temperature:  Generally charging while taking photos and video will easily increase the temperature. It is recommended to avoid taking photo and video and charging at the same time.  Continuous recording and shooting for a long time will also cause more obvious temperature rise, and it is recommended to rest when necessary.  In addition, avoiding the continuous use of mobile phones in the direct sunlight is also a good way to control the overheating during external photo taking.  (5). Overheating when watching a video  When watching the video continuously, the processor, speaker, and screen are all constantly working. Long-time video viewing may increase the temperature slowly, so it is normal the phone is getting hotter while watching.  If charge while watching video for a long time, or have a game running in the background, the phone will heat up more obviously.  The use of graphite heat dissipation can average the temperature of the mobile phone to the maximum extent, and decrease the high temperature in certain components. Please feel free to use.  How to lower the temperature:  Generally speaking, charging while watching video will relatively easy to increase the temperature. It is recommended to avoid watching video while charging.  In addition, avoiding watching videos continuously in direct sunlight can relatively reduce the temperature rise. At the same time, it is recommended to protect vision, avoid watching the phone screen for a long time and take a rest when needed.  (6) Overheating after system update  The current Xiaomi mobile phone system uses a newer Android version of the system. When updating the system, it will automatically optimize the background installed apps to improve the fluency of daily use. The background operations may increase the temperature to a certain extent, and will later decrease to normal level. Feel free to use it.  If updating the system after the fever situation lasted for a long time, and in the unused state still have abnormal fever phenomenon, it is recommended to submit user feedback to facilitate continuous improvement and promotion; another way is to go to after-sales center for inspection.  (7). A few ideas for abnormal overheating with no reason, no scene or in standby mode:  A. Confirm whether the mobile phone has fallen into water, abnormal falls or illegal dismantling or other man-made damage.  B. To confirm whether there are concurrent faults such as unable to charge, unable to turn on, touch control failure, partial function failure (such as if the camera cannot be opened, or SIM card cannot be recognized), etc.  C. If conditions of A and B are satisfied at the same time, the abnormal heating may be caused by the hardware or system, and it is recommended to go to the after-sales center for further inspection.  D. If conditions A or B is not satisfied, shut down the phone and wait for it to cool, and then turn on again to see if the temperature is normal. Otherwise, try to clear the data after backup, and then try again.  If the overheating is very serious, please pay attention and go to an authorized after-sales center for inspection.  View the battery temperature as a reference for the phone temperature. Type *#*#64663#*#* at the dial interface to turn on the trial mode, and see battery temperature in Battery indicator.
Does it help?
