---
source: https://www.mi.com/global/support/faq/details/KA-07071/
brand: xiaomi
category: howto
model: What to do if the phone says no signal / no service?
crawled: 2026-07-14T14:35:39Z
---

Choose your location and language
Global / English
# What to do if the phone says no signal / no service？
1. If the mobile phone cannot dial or answer the all, but the mobile phone signal bar display is normal, it is suggested to check if there’s outstanding fee in SIM card. 2. Determine the mobile phone version, and whether it supports the SIM card type used. For example, if mobile SIM card is inserted into bound phone purchased at the business office, it may lead to no signal (no service). 3. Enter * # * # 64663 # * # * on the dialing interface to enter the hardware detection. Select "SIM TEST" to see if the SIM card status is “inserted”. a. If there is no SIM card or SIM card is not inserted, replace the SIM card and try again. If the SIM card still cannot be detected, it is recommended to do factory reset or reinstall the phone. If it’s not working, it is suggested to go to a Xiaomi authorized after-sales center for inspection. b. If the SIM card has been inserted, SIM card needs to be checked, indicating that there is no problem with the card slot, continue the following steps. 4. There are protective cases on the market applying electroplating in order to look good. The use of electroplating would have a shielding effect on the mobile phone signal, thus affecting the reception and transmission functions of the mobile phone signal. If this kind of protective case has been used before, take it off to see if the signal improves. 5. Change the location and see if it still happens, such as outdoor, undisturbed environment, etc. Rule out the weak mobile phone signal and the disappearance of signal bar caused by the poor signal of operators (such as basement, tunnel, closed building, etc.). 6. Determine whether it is a network problem of the operator itself. For example, check whether the network of the same operator used by colleagues or friends is normal. In addition, it could also be the result of the aging of SIM card. It is suggested to replace the SIM card of the same operator or other operator to determine whether it is a network coverage problem. 7. If SIM card identification, network coverage and so on are OK, check the following settings: a. Setting > > SIM card & mobile networks > >SIM card settings >> Mobile network >>Preferred network type >> Prefer 4G. b. Setting > > SIM card & mobile networks > > Select the corresponding SIM card > > Select operator > > Automatic selection (there’s no such setting for 8. If all the above settings don’t work, it is suggested o backup data and restore factory settings. 9. It is suggested to go to the local after-sales center for inspection.
Does it help?
