---
source: https://www.mi.com/global/support/faq/details/KA-07061/
brand: xiaomi
category: howto
model: Mobile phone battery drains too fast
crawled: 2026-07-14T14:34:44Z
---

Choose your location and language
Global / English
# Mobile phone battery drains too fast
First of all, it is necessary to judge whether there is a sharp temperature drop in the area where the phone is located recently. Whether it is due to the low temperature.  1. It is necessary to inform that the poor electro-chemical activity of lithium ions in mobile phone batteries is an inherent characteristic of lithium batteries, and it is normal to have shorter standby time.  2. In order to ensure the battery life, the mobile phone will have a low temperature protection mechanism. When the temperature is below 15°C, the battery will enter the protection mode and start to limit the output current and voltage of the battery. When the temperature is lower (close to or up to 0°C), the mobile phone may lose power greatly, and it may even automatically shut down or cannot turn on in the low power mode (lower than 30% of power). This phenomenon is normal, and it is recommended to recharge after the temperature is more comfortable.  If the local temperature is normal, follow the following steps:  1. If it is said a very short battery life, it is necessary to confirm how long it takes from 100% to the mobile phone prompts it needs charging, and to determine whether the phone is used frequently in the process.  2. If the mobile phone system version is the latest, it is recommended to turn on the power consumption ranking and observe the power consumption ranking of hardware and software. Normally, the screen, Android system, mobile phone standby, Android OS and so on are comparably power consumptive. The same is true for large - screen Android phones, which generally consume the most power.  3. It is recommended to turn on the flight mode overnight. Normally, the standby mode consumes about 10% of the power per night, and only about 2% in flight mode (this is a theoretical value. In fact, under standby and flight modes, the fact that mobile phone has software running in the background or personal operation may result in additional power consumption).  4. Whether the charging time, which means from the phone prompt to charge (LED lights flashing) until the phone is fully charged, is normal. It is recommended to turn off the phone and charge.  5. Because Android phone programs automatically start and run in the background, it can be suggested for factory reset after backup and use them without restoring backup. To see how long it takes for the phone to go from 100% to when the phone prompts charging. A day and a half is normal.  6. Confirm what has been done before. If the phone is normal after the system has been updated, it is recommended to install a complete package.  7. If the phone is not being used, the overheating and power consumption is still fast, it is recommended to bring the mobile phones to the local after-sales for inspection.  In addition, to submit the user feedback and upload log about the abnormal power consumption, in order to help MIUI to better optimize and analyze the issue in time.
Does it help?
